[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Christopher
Bledsoe is perhaps the most
researched extraterrestrial
contactee in the world.
From a terrifying
first experience
that affected his entire family,
to having the ability to call
in orbs for the
alphabet soup agencies,
his journey is truly
an extraordinary one.
And I've interviewed you
before on a Zoom platform,
but I have never seen
you in the flesh.
And it's so good to meet
you and feel your energy.
>> CHRIS BLEDSOE: Well,
it's my honor to be here.
>> REGINA: I didn't get
sparks off of you, just love,
although there's some crazy
stuff happening with some
of the electronics.
So first of all, we're
going to have a lot
to squeeze in in 45 minutes.
But we have to start with
where you started in life.
And you're truly just such a
loving and humble human being.
And I know everybody
feels this in you
and reflects it back to you.
But it's true.
So you were living a
life, working hard.
You were in construction.
You went to church,
a Pentecostal church,
with your wife.
You had some tough
things along the way.
You were shot and had
to recover from that.
Was it hunting season?
>> BLEDSOE: Hunting accident.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
hunting accident.
And then you lost your very
young wife of only 11 months
and came across her in
such a startling way.
If you just want to
share that little bit.
>> BLEDSOE: About
the-- losing her?
>> REGINA: Yeah, about what
happened that night because it
was such a tender
story in the book.
>> BLEDSOE: Well, it happened to
be I grew up with a father that
hunted and loved to hunt.
It was a Saturday.
He wanted to go out of
town to go deer hunting.
So we went out of town.
And we had planned a party.
My best friend had
a party going on.
And everybody was going to it.
And I was anxious to get home
from two hours out of town.
But I ran late.
I got home late, about
8 o'clock at night.
And my wife had already
left for the party.
I just told her,
I'll meet you there.
Anyhow, long story
short, on my ride--
and I write about
this in the book.
I'm approaching this party
as a dead man's curve,
that a power line that crosses--
a big, high-tension power line
crosses right dead
center of this curve.
We should come back later in my
life, actually during the event.
It appeared that night.
But when I started through
that curve going to the party,
I saw a car laying on its side.
And I stopped.
I had no idea whose car it was.
And it had rolled side and over
and up into these people's yard.
And the weird thing was
the motor was still running
and the tires were still turning
when I stopped and jumped out
of the car.
And I saw the people
inside open the door
and stick their head out.
I said, have you seen
who was driving this car?
They may have been hurt.
They might call 911.
And on my walk
back to the road is
where I found her and had
no clue it was who it was.
>> REGINA: That was your wife.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah,
she died right there.
>> REGINA: And there was some
healing that had to take place
after all of that.
>> BLEDSOE: Well,
all these years,
I never could get past
the trauma from it.
>> REGINA: That's huge.
You'd only been
married 11 months.
But these things
happened in your life.
And you were challenged
in a lot of ways.
You were challenged financially.
This caused physical
problems, your body's response
to all these pressures
and challenges.
So you were just a young
man trying to get by,
doing the best he could,
showing up for church on Sunday.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, every Sunday.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And you remarried.
And you had children,
another family--
a family.
And now I think we should
move right to the night,
because there's so much
after that that happens.
So let's just set up the night.
And we'll try to do
it as briefly as we
can without cheating anybody.
>> BLEDSOE: OK.
We're going to fast forward
to 2007, January the 8th.
I had just sold my
company two years before.
We had a collapse in
the building market.
And things were tough.
>> REGINA: Yeah, 2008
was a tough time.
>> BLEDSOE: And I was suffering
with Crohn's disease to the max.
I started back to work
dealing with Crohn's.
It's hard to work with--
>> REGINA: Yeah, pain.
>> BLEDSOE: And so
long story short,
I found myself taking my son
and three other guys fishing
on what's called
the Cape Fear River,
a small river south of
Fayetteville, North Carolina.
And I was an inefficient--
I was into seeking guidance.
I was actually
praying, Lord help me.
I'm sick.
And I'm struggling
to feed my kids.
What do I do?
And I walked away from the
group and walked up the road.
And there were these
big balls of fire
in the broad daylight about
300 yards from me and--
>> REGINA: You thought,
was there another sun?
And what's happening?
>> BLEDSOE: It looked
like the setting sun,
the first one I saw.
Then when the second one--
when I got eyes on it,
I knew that this
was something that
wasn't supposed to be there.
And long story short,
I come walking back
to the campfire
on the riverbank.
And I thought 20
minutes had passed.
And the group was
furious with me.
They'd been looking
for me all night.
And actually, four
hours had gone by.
>> REGINA: And then what
about your son that night?
Because he thought
you had abandoned--
this was very traumatic for him.
He said he felt paralyzed
and that you had-- he felt
he'd been abandoned by you.
And you said, what
are you talking about?
I've only been gone minutes.
And weren't there some
beings at that time
also with the red eyes?
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Let's talk about
them, how they played into this.
>> BLEDSOE: So I'd gone imagine
about a half a mile-long dirt
road that winds down
to a cul-de-sac,
dead ends into a grassy
cul-de-sac about an acre.
And earlier that
day, I had walked
in the back of the cul-de-sac
looking for wildlife.
That was the excuse I used just
to get away so I could think.
I wasn't into socializing.
And so he knew I had gone
in there earlier that day.
And two of the
guys took my truck
when they were searching for me.
And one stayed at the
fire the whole time.
And so while two were
going with the truck,
these little balls of red
light, what looked like--
he thought it was a flashlight,
a military flashlight,
because that's what--
they use those red lens on them.
And he saw him cross the road,
looking down this road parallel
to the river.
He saw him across
the road way down.
And he ran and told
the guys, there's
somebody walking along
with flashlights.
And so he ran back to the
back of the cul-de-sac looking
for me again.
And these lights came out of the
forest and came straight at him
all the way down this road.
And when they got within
40 or 50 yards of him,
he began to hide.
So he started backing himself up
under this real thick shrubbery
that surrounds the cul-de-sac.
And when they got within
15 or 20 feet of him,
he realized it wasn't
flashlights or orbs.
They were the eyes of
these little beings
about three feet tall.
And they were glowing like
real soft color, like the moon.
And their eyes were
glowing, a really deep red.
And the whole time,
one was looking at him.
And he felt paralyzed.
He couldn't move.
He couldn't scream--
>> REGINA: Couldn't
scream for you.
>> BLEDSOE: --anything.
And when I came up to him,
they were still there.
I didn't see them until after
I got him and took him back
to the fire.
When we left him
there in the car,
that's when one came
out of the forest
and started following us
up the path in the truck.
>> REGINA: So now, what about
the fact you were actually gone
for a few hours?
What happened?
>> BLEDSOE: Well, for
the first two years,
you could have made me think or
believe that I was gone for five
minutes.
It was hard to deal with
realizing and admitting
that you have missing
time, that something
happened you can't remember.
But after a regression with a
Harvard-trained physician or--
>> REGINA: Therapist.
>> BLEDSOE: --therapist, Dr.
Michael O'Connell, he told me,
you will remember it all
but not very quickly,
because it's just probably
too much to take at once.
>> REGINA: Too traumatic.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah.
And so I started remembering.
And there's still
a lot that's gray.
But the overarching thing was
I was getting a virtual tour.
They took me up over
the pyramids in Egypt.
And I'm in this clear--
it was round, whatever it was.
I guess it was an orb.
>> REGINA: Kind
of like a bubble?
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, like a bubble.
>> REGINA: See through?
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah.
And I was looking down at
the pyramids the whole time
and looking over the
back of the sphinx.
And that's when I got this
message about a future event
that ended up being 2026.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And that was reinforced
again at another time, too.
And we're going to
get to that because I
love that part of the
story, and I think
everybody else is going to.
Your son obviously
was very traumatized.
It took him many years
to recover from this.
What about the other
men that were there?
How did they handle all of it?
>> BLEDSOE: Well, they had
a hard time with it, too.
And of course, they
didn't have missing time.
But what they did
have is their children
went to school with my children.
And they were all
about the same ages.
And the community, when I
reported this, we all did.
They did, too.
Well, that was clearly
the worst thing
we did because not only did
the locals in the community
began to give us a hard
time, so did the church.
Different churches and different
people got very tough on us.
>> REGINA: A lot of
people say, well,
how come we don't
know more about this?
And basically, it's because they
treat people like you terribly.
And you were treated
terribly because this
is a fundamentalist church.
And this had to be the
workings of the devil.
>> BLEDSOE: That's what
they thought, yeah.
>> REGINA: And you even were
asked to speak, I remember.
I think I'm out of a
sequence on the timeline.
But you were asked
to speak at a church.
And the moderator, Pastor--
>> BLEDSOE: Bible college.
>> REGINA: Bible college.
So they're jumping
up and saying,
this is the work of the devil.
And the people attending are
like, would you let him talk.
And it was just
horrible for you.
But this is how you
were treated everywhere.
Now let's go to the next
level because people say,
well, there are these wonderful
reporting agencies like MUFON.
So finally, you decided,
well, let's just take it
to the next level of discovery.
And you took it to MUFON.
Let's talk about that.
>> BLEDSOE: Well, that
was about a year later.
It was actually about 14 months
before their first investigator
showed up because I
was scared to tell it.
I just knew I'd
lose my family if I
did because I was under threat
of my family being separated.
>> REGINA: And your kids were
being ridiculed and made fun
of at school.
>> BLEDSOE: Oh, worse than that.
I had somebody, don't know who,
either in the school system
or in the church, call
social services on me--
>> REGINA: Oh, jeez.
>> BLEDSOE: --trying
to separate me from--
>> REGINA: I didn't know that.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, I didn't
write about it, but it happened.
>> REGINA: Oh, that's horrible.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, so here I am
trying to tell the world what
happened.
And nobody wanted to hear that.
When I came home, I didn't
have Crohn's disease anymore.
That blessing
happened that night.
But instead, it was a battle
for the next four or five years.
It was awful with everybody.
The guys with me, their
children called in at school.
And everybody did.
>> REGINA: One thing you say is
that when these very large orbs
appeared and appear, there's
always a sense of calm and peace
that comes over you.
In spite of what was going
on otherwise, with your mind,
the feeling was one of peace.
>> BLEDSOE: Yes.
And what's crazy about that is
when I walked up on him at 5--
10 after 5-- 15 minutes
after 5-- that day,
it was broad daylight.
I mean, the sun was
going down in January.
But I was terrified when I
saw what I was looking at.
I mean, I rationalized--
>> REGINA: There was
nothing to explain it.
Yeah.
>> BLEDSOE: I mean, I'm
commercial-rated pilot.
And at that time, I was really
into aircraft recognition.
I fly models.
I build models.
It's been my life.
And I knew what I was
looking at wasn't anything
that the government had or--
And so fear set in.
When they brought me back
that night, cured of Crohn's.
I didn't know it then
till the next day,
actually, over the next period
to see it didn't come back.
But I had lost my fear
for it that night.
And I sat there
and watched my son.
And he was in shock.
And these other three
men were terrified.
And I'm ready to get
out and look at it.
>> REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
Well, and that-- I mean,
I think that's part
of an even larger story
about you and your Dharma,
your purpose here on
Earth at this time.
You were well
positioned for this.
It was time for this to happen.
Other people got caught up in
it that weren't as ready as you.
So now it's reported to MUFON.
And they're supposed
to be investigating
this kind of information to
help people like yourself.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah.
Well, I wrote about them.
And I told some of
the guys this week.
And I was up in Washington
and met with some of them.
>> REGINA: Part of the
Congressional hearings
on the phenomena.
>> BLEDSOE: And I told them.
They thought I
was mad with them.
I said, I'm not mad at you guys.
I was mad at the
guys that came in
and ruined my life
and my family's life
17, almost 18 years ago.
17 years ago.
I forgive and forget, but--
>> REGINA: But at the time,
please explain what happened.
>> BLEDSOE: So I reported
it, and they came right away.
I mean, they wanted
to come the next day.
And I'm like, oh, this is
a little too quick for me.
I have to think about it.
And so I put them off
a couple of months.
And they finally came.
And they brought
the whole entourage.
They had like six investigators
from all across the country,
from Colorado, to Maryland, to
California, and everywhere else.
And they converged
from a house and--
>> REGINA: They wanted
to see the evidence.
They wanted to see the tree
that had burn marks on it.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, and the
circles on the ground.
>> REGINA: Circles
on the ground, yeah.
>> BLEDSOE: And they were
doing all their samples,
but they convinced me within 30
days of them being there to do
a little show on the
Discovery Channel.
And they said,
we'll vindicate you.
Because they knew I was having
a hard time around the community
and everybody.
And so we finally
agreed-- myself
to three other guys,
my children, my family.
And--
>> REGINA: They
came to your home?
>> BLEDSOE: They
came to my house.
>> REGINA: And your whole
family was involved in this?
After all this ridicule,
with all this hope,
yes, we're going to be able
to be taken seriously finally.
They were so excited.
>> BLEDSOE: So what they did
was they were supposed to be
at my house the next morning.
I mean, it was all
arranged for a week.
Discovery were coming.
MUFON was going to meet
them there and bring them
to the house at 8:30 to film.
And at 8:30, nobody shows.
And all my kids were up.
They were excited.
Hollywood's coming, right?
>> REGINA: Sure.
>> BLEDSOE: And I
get a phone call.
We're at the hotel.
Can you run by here a minute
and bring everybody, not
your family.
Just bring the guys
that were with you,
and let's sign some paperwork.
Well, we'd already
signed paperwork.
Long story short, when
I walked in the hotel,
they had a conference room
set up with a guy from the FBI
there to do a lie
detector test with four
or five cameras pointing
at this chair and said,
we want you to do this before
we start doing the show.
>> REGINA: What an ambush!
>> BLEDSOE: So they ambush me,
and then they try to basically
make me out to look like a liar.
And then after that, I got in
a big fuss with them about it.
I had some creative control.
I didn't get any.
And when it aired, it made
the situation 100 times worse.
So now for the next
five years, my--
it took five years
at least for the--
it was still
happening in school.
And my little children
would go to school.
They'd be made fun of,
your crazy father--
>> REGINA: And now
it's been on TV--
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, it's on TV.
So I hated what was happening.
I blamed myself for what was
going on with my children.
I wished I'd had never told it.
So much happiness,
I'm not sick anymore.
But now I've got the worst
trouble because my children--
I've brought this upon them.
>> REGINA: And they did
not treat you nicely.
I mean, I've got to say, I'm
not a fan of their programming
because it always
does the same thing.
Takes you to the same place--
well, this is intriguing
and this is intriguing,
but I guess we'll never know.
Or it didn't happen.
All their shows seem to
take you to that same place
of either negating it or
leaving a big question
mark where there's clearly
something substantive that
had happened.
And they didn't even share
their food with your family.
All the craft services
came, fed all of them
and didn't even feed you
guys, staying at your house
and-- oh, I was rubbed
wrong when I was reading
that part of your story.
>> BLEDSOE: I had to write that.
That was the worst thing
to my little children
because they were young.
They were teenagers.
And my daughter was 10,
when it all happened.
Well, they came in with a
big crew of 15 or 20 people.
And including all the MUFON
people, they were half a dozen
of them.
So my house was
completely taken over.
They moved all the furniture.
They set up everything.
>> REGINA: Fed
themselves and not you.
>> BLEDSOE: And
ordered our food.
They said, we're going to--
the line director, I guess, you
would call it that-- does that,
came and took all our orders.
We were going to one of these
places in town and bring back--
I won't say their name, but
it was a really well-known
restaurant, right?
And my kids took their time
and ordered everything.
Well, in about an hour they
showed back with the food.
We were all standing
there after everybody.
And those people are busy.
They just don't sit and gossip.
They're gone.
And then they come in and
get their stuff and move on.
We were left with nothing.
>> REGINA: I know.
It was the whole thing, which
was just so usurious and rude,
just to take
advantage of someone
and to set you up as another
delusional human being who
thinks they saw something.
So done with them, OK.
It now starts getting
interesting because now,
some of the government
start showing up.
Some of the alphabet soup
agencies and their people
start showing up.
So tell us where that began
and where you first started--
and we'll get into Tim Taylor--
where you first started
really feeling like someone
got what was going on here.
>> BLEDSOE: This is crazy
because my MUFON experience was
being around those
people for a long time,
for three or four months.
The Men in Black show was a
really big thing then, right?
It was going on.
And so my whole family was
terrified of the government.
They kept telling us,
you can't trust them.
And we heard all
this over and over.
Well, along about October of
2008, my son calls me one day.
And I'm in town.
And he says, dad, there's
this real big guy.
He's at the door.
And he says he's from NASA.
And he wants to see you.
What do you want me to tell him?
And they were terrified
of this government guy.
And I said, tell him
I'll be home in an hour,
to stick around if
he wants to talk.
And so he did.
And that was Dr. Hal Povenmire,
which we grew up to love him.
And that meeting
ended up 11 years
until he passed away in 2019.
He was one of our
best advocates.
>> REGINA: And who was he with?
And what did he want from you?
>> BLEDSOE: He worked with NASA.
>> REGINA: And what
did he want from you?
What was he looking for?
>> BLEDSOE: He came.
He told us when he
first came, his job was
to debunk the whole thing, to
find any hole they could find.
He snooped around town at all
the banks, to the neighbors,
to where he went
out in the country
and did a deeper
investigation than MUFON did.
And he found eight
other witnesses
that all saw it that same night.
And by the time-- his first
few months he was there,
he was my best
advocate at that point.
>> REGINA: I love it.
I mean, honestly, how
could someone be around you
and not get the
sense of truthfulness
in what you're saying?
I mean, and that people
did those horrible things,
it's like kicking a
bunny-- oh, so upsetting.
Then another thing, let's
talk about Tim Taylor.
>> BLEDSOE: Timothy Taylor.
Tim, I met him in
Pennsylvania at a gathering.
I was invited to a personal
private group of guys
up in-- it was some publishers.
They wanted to entertain
me and court me.
And actually, Taylor
found out I was there
and left California and flew in
just for one day, one evening.
>> REGINA: Let's talk about his
background, who he was with.
>> BLEDSOE: Taylor's a ghost.
There's a million people
who want to meet this guy
and very few ever do.
Because he works
with NASA, but he
works in the capacity of the
National Reconnaissance Office,
meaning his credentials are--
>> REGINA: Top, top, top secret.
>> BLEDSOE: This thick
of CIA, NASA, Air Force.
He's part of all that.
Area 51, He can walk
right in the door.
>> REGINA: So he's charged with
deeply examining phenomena?
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah,
there's a lot there.
I want to tell,
but I can't, what
they were into at that time.
Let's just say here's another
military guy, another government
person.
I'm afraid of him.
It took me a long time to
get satisfied with how,
and now here's another NASA guy,
clearly very deeply involved,
pretty much runs all
the launches for NASA.
He's the man in charge.
And I asked him--
I said, why are you here?
Why are you bothering me?
You guys have telescopes and
space shuttles and rockets
and all the money and the
scientists in the world.
But you're here
in North Carolina,
pretty much scaring my
family and my children.
And why do you need me?
He said, oh, we see it.
We know it's there.
We see it.
But it has nothing
to do with us, not
on a conversational level.
>> REGINA: What did he
mean with we see "it"?
>> BLEDSOE: Well, let's just say
there's a little bit coming out
in the news here lately about
these beings made of light that
kind of harassed
the guys on board--
rockets and
spaceships and stuff--
scared them.
And they were
wondering what they
want because they knew
I was conversating
with it, without going
much further there.
>> REGINA: So he knew that
you had relationship with him.
By now, it's known
or you're starting
to figure out that these large
balls of light follow you.
And it was starting
to become known
that if someone would come
and could get your time
and hang out with
you long enough,
they'd get to see him too.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: So he wanted to
experience some phenomena while
he was with you?
>> BLEDSOE: Well, he did, but he
was more about wanting to know
why the phenomenon was
doing what it was doing.
>> REGINA: Well, the question
that came up with a couple
of these guys is-- and we'll get
into another player in a minute,
key player--
is why are they talking to you?
Why you and not us?
We're doing everything we
can to create relationships
with whomever.
And they wouldn't talk
to him, but why you?
>> BLEDSOE: Well,
he asked me that.
In fact, in my book,
you'll read this point
to where when he first came,
he tested my whole family
with metal from supposedly
crashed machines, which
he told me they don't crash.
That was a misnomer
that it was a gift.
But the metal he had was--
he put a piece in one hand.
And it looked like a postage
stamp, gray aluminum.
The piece he put
in my other hand,
it didn't bother
me with this piece.
But when he put this
other piece in this hand,
he called that the insulation,
which looked like--
it looked like aluminum foil.
But you could smush it,
and it would roll back out.
It had rolls in it, but
no pleats or no creases.
But that these two
pieces undoubtedly
connected something in here.
And it caused this reaction
that he quickly grabbed it out
of my hand.
And he got right in my face.
And he looked at me
and he said, why you?
I said, what do
you mean, why me?
What just happened?
He said, well, I would have
known you were not truthful
hadn't--
if you hadn't a
reaction to this metal.
He said, I've only
ever seen two others,
but nothing like this one.
>> REGINA: And your reaction,
was it more of an energetic
build-up and shuddering that
was happening inside you?
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, it was like
my eyes rolled back in my head.
And I just had this
black there for a minute.
I was blacking out, and he
grabbed it out of my hand.
>> REGINA: Now this metal, I've
heard about also in the Trinity
case, for example, where some
of that metal was left behind
to examine.
There are a lot of-- there are
a few different places I want
to go with this, but this
metal was taken from you
to be examined.
But of course, as in every
case, never to be returned.
>> BLEDSOE: Right,
yeah, I had some of it.
The metal Tim tested
me with was not mine.
It came from wherever
they got it from.
But there was a point
later that I ended up
having four pieces of this
that was dripping from an orb--
>> REGINA: Now, this is what
I wanted to talk to you about.
>> BLEDSOE: --drip metal.
>> REGINA: I want to talk to
you about this because that is
the only place I've
ever read that.
I have read that they
are found around craft.
And in craft, these
scraps have been such
as Paula Harris and
the Trinity case.
But I never heard anything
about them oozing or dripping
this metal from orbs.
Tell us what you can about this
because this is fascinating.
>> BLEDSOE: Well, it does,
and it looks like if you were
soldering something.
These blobs of molten metal
falls off of it, drips right off
the crack off these orbs.
And in fact, the biggest piece--
I'll show you a photo later--
was about twice as big as a golf
ball that I've held in my hand
or had access to.
But usually it's small, like
a marble or less-- you know,
little or smaller
even splatters.
When it hits the ground,
it'll look like a splatter.
>> REGINA: If I heard
or read correctly,
this is the metal that's
smooth like aluminum.
And you can crumple it up, but
it pops right back out smooth
again.
>> BLEDSOE: Well, that was
the piece that Taylor tested.
>> REGINA: OK, that's more
like the one that they found
at Trinity, right?
Except who knows, it may
have been from Trinity.
So the ones that you
pick up are more-- once
this oozes from an orb,
what's the final metal
like in your hand?
>> BLEDSOE: It looks like a
drop of slag from welding or--
>> REGINA: So it's just round?
It's just a little
piece of metal?
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah,
little balls of metal.
>> REGINA: And I assume that
those have been analyzed?
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, I was asked to
let a couple of different people
look at it.
>> REGINA: Did you
let Lou Alessandro--
>> BLEDSOE: I did.
>> REGINA: --take a piece?
And he's been one of the key
people that's been testifying
in the Congressional hearings.
So I know you never
got the metal back,
but what did you find out about
the composition of the metal,
if you're free to say?
>> BLEDSOE: They never told
me that particular piece,
the composition.
They just told me the
government found it.
It was authentic and
that it was classified.
And I would not be getting
it back to chalk it up,
one for the country.
But the pieces I have
been involved with NASA,
I've seen the papers
on these things.
And particularly the
one I have, I still
have the documents on it.
It says it has 51
elements in it, including
human DNA in the metal.
And he looked at me and
he said, how did they
get human DNA in the metal?
How do you think they did that?
He said, we can't figure it out.
And since then, they have
achieved that bonding.
But they did it in zero
gravity through a ceramic,
so they could put--
>> REGINA: To blend
human DNA in with it?
>> BLEDSOE: Into the metal,
how they could reproduce that.
And they couldn't do it the
way whoever did it did it.
But they're doing it
for medical devices.
If you have a spinal
implant, the whole key
is to get your body and your
tissue to grow to this metal.
>> REGINA: Well, that's a
good use of the technology.
>> BLEDSOE: Well, that's
what they're doing.
>> REGINA: For sure.
Now, this brings
us to human DNA.
They must have taken your blood.
You must have been analyzed.
I know you were analyzed
a lot of different ways,
but did they take your blood?
>> BLEDSOE: Through
the phenomenon or--
>> REGINA: No.
One of the alphabet soup
agencies along the way,
did they ever draw
blood from you?
>> BLEDSOE: No.
They want to, but
I've never let them.
>> REGINA: You never let them.
I always wondered about that.
I thought, surely they must have
tried to get your blood by now,
find out what your
DNA is all about.
>> BLEDSOE: They've
been researching my DNA
and my history.
And I had to go
through all that.
That's how I knew about the
connection to King Henry
VII in England-- was
through this research.
>> REGINA: So is this
still a bloodline thing?
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah.
Well, I don't know.
>> REGINA: I mean, of some kind?
>> BLEDSOE: That's
their thought.
They're researching
every avenue.
All I know is to
me, it's a thought.
They've studied my brain more
than anything-- you know,
a lot of EEG, wiring it up.
>> REGINA: Well, does it look
any different or doesn't?
>> BLEDSOE: Well,
according to them, it does.
It's probably still
running in algorithms now,
the last six hours of
brain scans they took.
But they told me that
what they see there--
and they said this on
the History Channel.
We did an episode on
Beyond Skinwalker.
And Dr. Thomas there, James,
he's a PhD in neuroscience.
He's a neuroscientist,
professor of it from New York.
And he analyzed it.
And he said it looked like if
a Buddhist monk was able to,
for 40 years, meditate till
he got to this highly--
>> REGINA: Gamma.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, state--
that I'm able to do that
in a second without trying.
>> REGINA: And this had
other lovely consequences
because after this
first encounter,
you were able to use your love.
And this is the thing.
You knew how to pray.
You know how to love.
You know how to be
undistracted and clear.
And you've been able to
help many, many people
on their healing from
deathbed experiences
through their healing journeys
just by your sheer intention
and love for them.
But what happened one day with--
I think it was Tim
Taylor, wasn't it?
Your dog, Nellie,
came running in.
Was that with Tim who was--
>> BLEDSOE: No, that
was with Grant Cameron.
>> REGINA: Grant Cameron, OK.
He was in the room
because everybody
came to your place to
examine you and talk to you
and get to know you--
get the inside skinny.
And your dog, Nellie,
who you dearly love,
came running in with a big gash.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, what
it was, we were outside.
Grant called me.
And he was in Miami, heading
back to Canada, driving.
He called me and said, I
want to stop by and visit.
I said, well, you can
come stay the night
if you want on your trip up.
So he made it.
We're in North Carolina,
so we're right on 95.
So he gets there in the
evening and he's like, I
want to see the burning tree.
I just got to see the tree.
So we went out and
he has his camera.
He's taking pictures
of the tree.
And Nellie, my lab,
was walking with us.
And she'd lay down
while we talk.
And when we'd walk, she'd
get up and walk with us.
Well, we got back to the house.
I don't know what happened.
All I know, we were 20
feet from the back door.
All my kids are out on the
back patio with some friends.
And I looked at Grant and I
said, do you want to just--
I can get the kids get
your bags if you want
and put them in your room.
And he said, sure.
So he turns his back to me.
And he's in front of me,
between me and the house.
So when he turns his back to me
and starts toward the back door,
Nellie's laying on the ground.
She stands up.
And when she ran by him--
when she passed me and
when she ran by him,
I saw blood shoot
out of her neck
and wet his pants
down in the ground.
And she ran into the back door
of the house, bleeding to death.
And I panicked.
I ran in--
>> REGINA: You said,
it was a big gash--
three fingers you
could stick there.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, three fingers.
You could go out of
sight that deep in a hole
right across here.
And so I ran in the
door, and I tackled her.
I'm freaking out bad.
What's going on with my dog?
And I bring her outside,
and I lay her on the patio.
And all the kids are
over me, looking.
And I'm on my knees with
my hand on her neck.
And I'm crying out,
somebody get me a rag!
Somebody help me!
So I wanted to put
a compression on it.
When I realized she wasn't going
to live that 30-minute drive
to the nearest vet--
she'd bleed to death
before that happened.
I just reached out to the
heavens and a big, please help.
That's all I did.
But I felt it, and I
felt her become limp.
Suddenly, she quit struggling.
And when I raised my hand
up, the hole was gone,
and everybody saw that.
[REGINA LAUGHS]
Ooh.
>> REGINA: I love it.
So that's one of
the beautiful things
is this ability that
you've been able to share
with many, many people to help
them in their healing process--
facilitate really, truly
miraculous types of healings.
And that's been a blessing.
>> BLEDSOE: It's a burden for me
because there's so many people
that are sick.
But I'll never stop
because we have to try.
When I say it's a burden, it's
because there's a never ending
line of people that need help.
>> REGINA: Let's go
now to the lady in--
your association
with the lady, what
the-- when you first met the
lady, what the lady appeared
like and your
visit with the lady
in the canyon, when she told
you about this date in 2026.
>> BLEDSOE: OK, I have to fill
in a little more about that too.
So five years later, after
it happened, it was January.
It was on April of 2012, Easter.
I was at the point in my life--
>> REGINA: And Easter plays
large in your life too.
>> BLEDSOE: It's always--
>> REGINA: You love Easter,
and they come to you on Easter.
Easter is big.
>> BLEDSOE: That's
when the lady comes.
Every year at Easter, I know
she's coming and pretty much has
at least four or five
different times since then,
including this year.
>> REGINA: Oh.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah.
So I was struggling bad with
my kids and their tears and all
the thing.
I was carrying this burden
that I brought this.
I've ruined my children's lives.
My boys were young teenagers
interested in girls,
and now they're all messed up.
And so that night, the night
before Easter morning, I
went outside and
shouted at the heavens.
Why did you do this to me?
You healed me, but now
my children are ruined.
This is what I was
saying to the heavens.
And I get emotional
thinking about all that.
So I had a good shouting
match with stars.
And I knew they were listening.
They always do.
I never quit seeing them
from the time they took me
until today or tomorrow.
If I go out tonight, I'll
probably see them here.
They're always there.
So I was really seriously
talking to the phenomenon.
And I quit.
I am never going to
talk about this again,
even though I had the biggest
desire to tell the world.
They put that in me.
It's like Richard Dreyfuss
in the mashed potatoes.
That's been me.
>> REGINA: The Close Encounters
of the Third Kind, yeah.
>> BLEDSOE: Right.
But anyhow, I went in at 9:30,
upset after that shouting
session--
went to bed.
2 o'clock in the morning, I hear
a loud, thunderous, manly voice
that said, arise.
Next thing I know, I'm being
led outside, fully dressed.
I was not dressed.
I was asleep.
And I got up and put all
my clothes on and shoes on.
And out the back door.
I went to a spot
in the woods where
I had experienced these
little beings in 2007
with Chris Jenner.
And never expected
to see what I saw.
I had no idea why I was
going out there or what.
I just felt like
I had no control.
Something had me in tow
and told me to get dressed.
And the next thing I know,
Regina, one of them--
there were three
shadowy figures--
reaches out with
two hands like this.
And he hands me this object
that was about yay long,
like a pack of hamburger tube.
But it was furry, felt
like a living animal.
And it was in the dark.
And it scared me.
And it kind of prickles.
>> REGINA: No limbs?
>> BLEDSOE: No limbs,
no legs, no head--
but it felt like
a living squirrel,
about the size of
a good squirrel.
But it felt like a
hedgehog, that kind of feel.
So I dropped it real quick.
And this voice said,
no, pick it up.
You got to keep that.
So I reached down to pick it up.
There were no more beings there.
So I'm in the woods
now, next to the dog
kennel with this strange
object in my hand.
So I ran over and opened the
dog kennel, one of them--
my dad has a huge kennel--
and stuck it in and
closed the door.
>> REGINA: Not like it
could run anywhere, but--
>> BLEDSOE: Right, but I
wanted to keep that thing.
He said, keep it.
You got to keep it.
So I was afraid of losing it.
The very second I
did that, this wind--
that's all I can say, the wind.
And the definition of
spirit is the wind.
That's what the word
spirit means, the wind.
The Holy Spirit means the breath
of God, that wind, the mother,
the Gaia.
The next thing I know, out
of that wind came this cow.
And I can't tell you,
my hair's standing up.
>> REGINA: Was it like a bull?
>> BLEDSOE: It was a bull.
It was a bull.
It was translucent.
Here's the weirdest thing.
I saw the stars in its
body as it went over.
>> REGINA: Because
it was translucent.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, maintained
that for all these years.
When I met with
Robert Grant recently,
I did this tour in the pyramids.
And that same bull--
>> REGINA: The stars.
>> BLEDSOE: --is in the
side of the king's chamber.
>> REGINA: Wow.
>> BLEDSOE: How weird is that?
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> BLEDSOE: So now,
this bull runs over me.
Doesn't hurt me, but
I see it go over me.
And the wind is what
blew me down backwards,
all the way onto the ground.
So I rolled on my
stomach to get up to run.
And when I did, there was
the most beautiful woman
that I can't describe
with words how beautiful.
>> REGINA: Pure grace, pure
light, pure beauty and love.
>> BLEDSOE: Bluish
white light around her.
Her dress was white with rolls--
not pleats, but rolls.
And it looked like the stars
in the sky inside of her dress.
She had a collar on,
no open anything,
and the sleeves out to here.
And she was barefooted,
and her dress
was right on the
top of her feet.
And she was hovering
three feet off the ground.
She looks at me.
And she said, you
know why I'm here.
And I knew it hit me
like a ton of bricks
because I'd just quit
a few hours before.
She said, this is your
burden you must bear.
You have to do this.
And if you do, I will
be with you always.
And I'll allow you to film us
and share us on our present,
on camera and with witnesses.
Up until that point, I
could see it all the time
and share it with my
kids only or my wife,
but I could never share
it with anyone else.
>> REGINA: Well, it wasn't
coming out on film either,
and it did.
Finally, this phenomenon
started showing up for you.
>> BLEDSOE: Immediately,
it flies up.
And instead of vanishing
when I take my camera out,
it just posed for me.
And now it's--
>> REGINA: So let's talk about
what she told you in the canyon
about 2026.
>> BLEDSOE: So the
following year,
this is when Nellie was healed,
two weeks after her visit
on Easter of 2013.
So she comes again
during Sunday night--
Saturday night, the
night before Easter.
And next thing I know,
I'm in a bubble again.
I'm in an orb.
And I write about it in
detail, how I got there.
>> REGINA: And it looks
like you're almost--
like you're in the canyon,
a canyon in the Southwest.
>> BLEDSOE: Yes, I am.
I'm in five years of
research, six years
of trying to figure out where
that has led me to believe
the four corners is the area--
but maybe Utah, because
of the rock formations,
the color of the ground,
the walls and everything.
I've done a lot of research.
But she told me--
I was transported to her.
And I was not with her.
I was with these three
shadowy figures again.
We walked down this
canyon, long canyon.
I could see light up at
the end of the canyon.
And what it was, it
was a side canyon that
came out into the main canyon.
And the light was coming
from that direction.
So we walked and got
closer and closer.
And when we got
to that end where
we made a left toward
the light, there she was.
She was sitting-- standing.
She wasn't sitting.
She was standing in
front of this huge-- what
looked like a huge chair
made onto the mountain,
onto the side.
And around it, there
were these ruins where
ancient people used to be.
And she whispered to me and
told me the weirdest thing.
I had no clue what it meant.
She said, when the
red star of Regulus--
why she said red, I don't
know because I researched
and the star seems to be blue.
But maybe it's red when it
appears, where it's going.
>> REGINA: Maybe that
time of day, it's red.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah,
before daylight.
She said, when the star of
Regulus appears on the horizon--
and I could see it.
I mean, she gave me the image
of the star eclipsing the sand
in front of the sphinx.
So I'm up above the
pyramids, looking at the rear
of the sphinx facing east.
And this little star pops
up before the sun comes up.
You can see it plain.
She said, when that
happens, there's
going to be a shift into a
new knowledge for mankind.
>> REGINA: This
is Easter of 2026?
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah.
And so the only reason
I found that date
is by some friends that
are into astrology.
>> REGINA: Yes, and they
were able to locate that.
And that there would be a
new understanding and a shift
in humanity at that point.
And you know what,
I have to tell you,
Chris, a number of
different people
that I've been interviewing--
some of them
channels, others not--
are coming up with
2026, mid 2026.
It's been a repeated theme.
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah,
and to me, I think--
I don't think this day
would be like a light switch
and then there's the big news.
I think it's a shift to this
new walk with another world
that we thought didn't exist.
>> REGINA: So that's beautiful.
Thank you for that.
And I have to say, when I first
encountered you, read your book
and first interviewed
you, my feeling
was that you were contacted
because you're intimately
familiar with these beings.
And perhaps you're
part of their family.
And you came here at this time.
And you could be worked with so
easily because of your openness
and your pure heart.
I mean, you really
have a very pure heart.
And so whoever
they are, you are.
And you have come.
And they have come through you
to show us, yes, we all exist.
We're here.
Many of us are here,
wishing you well
and wishing you our true journey
into this shift for humankind.
And do you feel comfortable
with the notion, that notion
that you're one of them?
>> BLEDSOE: Well, I've
struggled with that.
>> REGINA: This is
just my feeling.
>> BLEDSOE: You're not the
only one that says that.
In fact, Dr. Povenmire with
NASA, I ask him many times--
why is this happening with me?
And he looked at me one night.
He said, because
it's your family.
>> REGINA: That's right.
And that's what I get.
It's your family.
And so you are the one that was
sent here to do the hard work,
and you have.
And we're out of time.
But, shoot, I mean, the White
House has been involved.
The Vatican has been involved.
Monroe Institute
blew their machines.
That didn't work.
So everybody's trying
to figure you out.
But it seems to me quite simply,
you've come from this place
with these beings
who are not here
to wish us harm, which
is so disturbing about
these congressional hearings.
Because they're trying to treat
it as though it's a threat.
Even people who had the
opposite story earlier,
we know all these people.
I'm not happy about
why they're doing this.
I'm guessing it's
for money to get
a budget going for
something that's
a threat to national security.
>> BLEDSOE: A little birdie
on the inside told me--
it's a big birdie, not little.
I asked them, why
are they doing this?
And he said, well, I think
it's probably because they
can't control this.
And they don't want
us messing with it.
So they'd rather label
it dark and negative,
so we'll leave it alone.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
no, not happening.
>> BLEDSOE: That's
the words I've heard.
>> REGINA: Well, thank
you for sharing that.
And thank you for your
huge part in all this.
And, well, I just
don't have enough words
to say how much I appreciate
what you've brought forward
and the amount of
pain you've actually
had to go through to do this.
You've walked your
talk for lifetimes.
>> BLEDSOE: Well,
I appreciate that.
I never quit.
I'll never quit trying.
And--
>> REGINA: There's
a movie coming out?
>> BLEDSOE: Yeah, well,
that's what they say.
>> REGINA: They say
there's a movie coming out.
And I-- because of your
face, and your voice,
and your countenance--
I want Matthew
McConaughey to play you.
My dream is that
your story comes out
in living color on the big
screen with Matthew McConaughey,
playing you.
>> BLEDSOE: I've
heard that before.
- [LAUGHS] We shall see.
>> BLEDSOE: Everybody says you
sound just like him, you know.
>> REGINA: Uh-huh.
Thank you so much
and to be continued.
We'll see what happens
with that film.
>> BLEDSOE: Absolutely.
Thank you.
>> REGINA: To read the whole
story, you can find UFO of God,
his book, at major booksellers.
And again, stay tuned for
his life story in the movie
theaters, hopefully
sometime down the road here.
And, of course, I think we'll
all be alert to Easter of 2026.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[AUDIO LOGO]